All right, so thanks for so so much for joining us today. Of course. My name is Bryant, and we're gonna do a short usability interview to understand how your experiences, uh, hold on. Understand how people experience our prototype here, uh, is related to food groceries and cooking. Okay. And the goal is to learn basically what you're, what's confusing to you, what's clear to you, what makes this, what would make this app easier to use in real life. But before I begin, do I have your consented to audio and video recordings for his interview? You do. Fantastic. Yeah. The recording would only be used and reviewed by our team of 5 students and we'll delete it all at the end. Um, this part, 1st part where it's just like a, uh, interview about the prototype itself and then seeing how you react toward how you use it. It's not a test. no good or bad outcome. There's no good or bad. Um, thing you can do here. Uh, yeah, we just wanna see what you think of it, and it'd be helpful if you have, uh, or think aloud as you like, as you look at it. Sounds good. Question. Yeah. Is this supposed to be recording right now? No, this is fine right now, not recording. So once we get to the prototyping part, I'll start recording. Sounds good. This is this is voice transcription. I recording, yeah. Hey, any other questions, though? That's it. Feel free to start. Okay, great. I ask you some background stuff, and I think some of those we've already covered before in the previous interviews, but, uh, I can describe like in a week how you typically prep for meals. Yeah, so actually, between the last time I spoke and this time, the routine has changed slightly. I try to be more organized, um, the way I prep food, uh, these past couple weeks, and so that involves really making a grocery trip either Saturday or Sunday, and trying to get all my new prep done ideally, uh, by the evening of Sunday. And so I also portion out my meals to make sure they kind of last a week. I know in terms of gross consumption, how much protein are gonna need, how much fiber, how much carbs. So I make sure I have all of those ready. Cool. Um, so how do you usually decide on, um, what to eat in a given day or how, or what to prep in a given week? Oh, it's based on vibes. Or you could say like supply and demand. I think I grow through grocery store and I see what is available and what I can possibly make with what's available in the store and the and the recipes that I know how to cook. Um, and really, like, find the intersection of those things is how I come to most of the food that I prep. So, is there any other constraints or factors that influence you besides like, you know, what you see or, uh, the vibes, I guess? Sure. Um, I suppose the grocery stores that I go to tend to be the ones that are closer to me slash the ones that are more accessible. So, That is, I would say, the main limiting factor cost also is another limiting factor. I try to keep my grocery budget within uh, $70 a week. Um, and so far I've been pretty successful. I try not to buy expensive things that might build a budget. So, how do you usually go back grocery shopping? Do you, uh, I guess like, where do you usually shop and then, uh, how do you get there? How do you transport food, things like that? Yeah, so the amount of planning that goes into depends on, um, how much mental energy and resources I can allocate to the process. Most of the time, I would say I spend a couple minutes thinking about it at home and then once I get there, I just, you know, improvise a little bit. Um, But there are also days and weekends where I'm feeling less up to the task where I just go to grocery store and I see what they have, and it usually works out fine. Um, Truly, like because I've been doing this for quite a while, and I recognize that not every meal press to this extent, and I'm probably on like the more consistent end of the spectrum. I recognize that not everybody follows the schedule, but I've been able to, you know, be quite efficient in this process just because of how long I've been doing it. Okay, and then, um, do you, uh, what are your, like, general attitudes towards cooking in general feelings about cooking? Um, it's part of life. I, you can run away from cooking, you have to eat, you know? Um, and I think. Given the economy, it is the most rational choice to make to, you know, minimize the cost, especially because I'm a student. I'm living on loans and maybe a little bit of allowance for my parents here and there, but I do have to be wise in my finances. So those are kind of the considerations. How confident would you say you feel in cooking? I would say I'm always happy with what I make for myself. Um, I am usually comfortable hosting small groups of people. But my confidence doesn't extend to hosting large dinner parties. I think that requests substantial thought, and then something that some friends of mine are able to do without much effort at all, but I'm not quite that station. I'm comfortable cooking for small groups and I have a small avatar of recipes that I'm very confident in. Cool. Thank you. Okay, so now we're gonna move on to the prototype and test scenario evolving this prototype, let's see here. Yeah, very red. Yeah. I try to fix that. I don't think I fix anything. I don't know if it fixed that. It's okay. I can do right. Mutes. Alright. All right. I think it's recording. Okay, so now this is the app here, so... So yeah, just, uh, right now, just explore, click on any buttons you like, and then think aloud while you explore. Okay, interesting, name of the Abbott's 1st to feast. I see a sidebar on the top right corner. I see uh, suggestions as to what I should make, but also things in my fridge and uh, things that might go bad soon, if I don't use it, consumables, like tomatoes, milk, basil, salmon. Good stuff. These are very fancy recipes too. So. Gotcha. Very colorful, very appealing. What do you think this app's for? I think it's for... suggesting recipes using what you have to make foods that you might like to eat. And which might impress, which might impress you yourself, your roommate, your significant other, et cetera. Gotcha. Yeah. Keep exploring. I'll ask questions if I have them. immediately. So I see that the big icons under this suggested for UX. Click on the options. I forgot to do something. Sorry. Okay. I got it. No worries. I gotta share the screen source. Ah, record what you're doing. Okay. Oh. Okay. Oh, okay, yeah, cool. So, okay, we are back. I'm just cooking on some of the options. I... I think the option owe me of Barry looks interesting. I'm just going to click into it. It says... Uh, says a top quick, meatless, it takes 10 minutes. It takes ingredients. I seem to have in my fridge. I assume that's a separate inventory space. And since I have all the ingredients, great. And steps 123456 and they look straightforward, I think each step is not more than 2 sentences. If I click into The step by step, oh, it actually pops up the individual steps in big leathers. That's nice. What? Okay. That's cool. Um. Wow. I like this. I like this. Okay, and cooking into my fridge. It does give me an inventory of what I have. Milk. Whoops, I have one day before the milk expires. I have one day before my beza expires. Not sure about that. Tomatoes, I have 4 of them, 2 days before the expenses. This is good stuff and I have, I think, a total of uh, many, many items. I think this looks like. At least 20 and they're color coded, um, with the ones that are going to expire closer to the top. So I know it's kind of a priority. Um, And other items that are more shelf stable, like old soy sauce and pasta at the bottom. Um, Good to keep in my back pocket, but I don't have to spend them. Emergently. so that's good. Next tab looks like new planner. What do I have? Oh, I get it. I get a calendar here and I can print out breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Ooh, this is involved. Um. And I get to mix and mash different recipes. I'm not eating the same thing. Frankly, for me, I'm a mute prep guy. I, I, I'm pretty okay eating the same thing. Uh, every day of the week, but I'm also weirdo, so most people are not like me. So this actually I imagine works well for a lot of people. Personally, I don't know if I'll use it, but you know, if I, if I were really out of ideas, this is a good tap against him in my back pocket. Recipe library. Um, Seems like, again, um, couple of recipes. I think a lot of this stuff is, again, found on the 1st page, the homepage. Um, I wonder if, oh, you could also filter by tag, so the tags I see high protein needless quick. Knowing me, I'm probably always gonna go for quick. So I'm clicking the quick, and it filters out. Um, Probably like 20 options for me, flawlessly. 16 options close. Okay. Says he can make this. Bring pot of water to boil. Okay. He tried, maybe finding something specific like a recipe or something on this app, like how would you go about navigating? It seems like there's a search bar. Um, I don't know if that's specific recipes. Maybe I'll, I saw salmon, so I may look for a salmon recipe and I see two. There's honey, garlic salmon. takes 25 minutes. Salmon with garlic and herbs. Takes 20 minutes, but it also flags out the fact that I'm missing one other 3 ingredients. So I could work on that. It says it needs salmon, garlic, and lemon, and I'm missing lemon. Okay. Fair enough. I could Google start buy a diamond. Although I will say, this document is very appetite. Moving on to the shopping tab. Shopping list, separated out by section that's probably a section, that's a dairy section, protein country. Um, I it's mostly a checklist of things that I should get. It would be interesting to see how things on the shopping list get populated into the my fridge tab. I think that will be. I'm not sure, but that's a demo would help. So, moving on to the last tab, uh, and then the next. It tells me a lot of good things. Tells me I'm wasting 34% less food than last month than save about 47% by using what we have. Nice. I love metrics. 12 kilograms of food kept from waste. Oh. I like, I like the, I like the reward aspect of this app. This is very nice, and I imagine that this will be based on real statistics of what is actually in the fridge and what it goes to waste. But yeah, this is this is very, very detailed. Um, The one question I have is, how, how much would people, you know, want to update this app with the things they have and, uh, you know, really streamlining things from, uh, the shopping tab to the fresh tab might be very helpful. Gotcha. Cool. Yeah. It's all I got. Awesome. What stood out to you most about using this app? Like, is there anything that, like, I surprised you or, um, I guess in that in that category, let's sit down to you? Sorry. Um, I think what stood out most to me was the fact that The recipes are so simple. And The F is kind of helping me keep track of what I have and what I don't have, which, um, which is good peace of mind. Um, And I really like also the fact that you could put in everything you have and the app doesn't work for you and suggests essentially recipes. Um, and I imagine if there were, like, lots of options, then I would probably not be, I would be probably pretty excited to use this app to try new things to eat, you know? And it doesn't involve a lot of extra effort on my part. Like, I think I'll just put in things that I have and that kind of doesn't work, so that's awesome. Nice. So, uh, in your exploration, was there any information that you were looking for, but you couldn't find or you couldn't easily find? Um, I think for me, the main question is how do I, you know, put things that are in my grocery basket into my fridge. Um, because Those those separate ideas are, I think, implemented very well. Um, I get to essentially use the shopping basket as a grocery checklist. Um, And the fridge helps keep track of what it's about to express, and one of those things are really helpful. Um, if there were a way to Like, move things from the shopping basket, like let's say after you've done a grocery run, it directly into the fridge. I mean, this I would be, like, perfect. Or a feature to like auto populate from like a shopping list to the fridge that you sold to you. I think so, yeah. Okay. Would, I guess, uh, if you were to actually, uh, enter any things from your shopping list to the fridge, like, uh, how would you, what's the most ideal way you think would, would be to, to do it for you? Like, what would be the path of least resistance for you? Um. I think it's okay to keep them in separate tabs. Uh, Honestly, hmm. You know, it might be nice to put shopping right upstream of my fridge, meaning like, like, let's say if you have a top bar, maybe it's directly to the left, you know what I mean? So it goes like home, shopping, and then my fridge, I feel like that kind of makes sense. Um, and then recipes for the on downstream from my fridge. Um, but that's just like, this just cosmetic. I think it's slightly easier for my mental process because I always think of growing to a story before. Um, you know, putting things in my fridge and then cooking those things. Uh, I think it's fine to put them in separate tabs as you're doing right now. I think, if you predefine, maybe like a duration with which food goes bad, like I'm sure you already have, like, let's say tomatoes go bad within, like, week and a half. Um, and just use those presets to other population, like how long? How, how soon foods are gonna expire? Have already done that? Yeah. Okay, so that's essentially the idea. Good, good. But you think you would like that feature? No, no, that feature is perfect. I have nothing to add Okay, great. Um, is there any form where you're exploring an app where you expected to behave in one way, but it became behaved differently? I don't think so. I think that app is fairly straightforward and user friendly. I've been able to click on other things that I thought I'd be able to click on. Um, I wasn't surprised by any of the things that I could not click on, you know? Um, No. Gotcha. Okay. So now we're gonna move on to a few, like, scenarios that you would, uh, that we imagine that you would use the app for. Okay. So the 1st one is just deciding what to eat for dinner, right? So, um, knowing the, or, or after exploring this app, knowing kind of what it does and kind of, um, how it does things. Um, You're, uh, you're gonna try to, uh, Don't go. Okay, we're good. You're gonna, you're gonna, imagine you're cooking dinner for the night and you want to use the app to help you in that process. Can you show me, like, it's how you would do that and what you would start off with? Sure, I would look, um, you know, you know, when I come to Apple, I'll probably start my homepage, and it, you know, the homepage gives me a top bar of, you know, a brief, which, which the top bar is essentially a brief overview of what I need to use up soon, and it says tomatoes, milk, basil, salmon. Um, that's fine, and I guess I could review it in the fridge. So it kind of matches up. I don't know, I just like to check because I like to see what's coming up too, so 3 days. Uh, I have to use all my heavy cream and berries in the next 3 days. That fine. And then I guess for me, I'll go directly to recipes. Oh, actually, no, I, I, I'll go back to. I'll I'll go back to the homepage because it gives me direct suggestions and let's see, it seems like. The yogurt parfait may make use of some of the things that are that I have to use soon. I'm not entirely sure how to make a yogurt part, so, um, I have to kind of look at the ingredients, but and assess the ingredients are not kind of the ones that I have to use options. So I'll just go down the list. Caprice or Caprice salad. Bezil, Bezil is about to expire soon. Yep. Um, so that's good. Now, if I really want to use up a 7, I guess, I could prioritize, you know, making sure that my 7th does, does a little bad. It's kind of the most expensive thing I see on the list here between tomatoes, milk, basil, and salmon. I would just go to recipes, look for salmon again. Pull up. My options here. I have honey garlic, salmon, garlic and herbs. You know, I see a recipe of salmon, garlic lemon. It makes use of one of those things that are going bad soon. Um, I I really feel like that's also an option here too. You know. Mix in some of the things that are about to go bad like I feel like tomatoes would go great with a salad dish. But I'm pretty happy with the results, like I mean, it gives me a good suggestion for how to get rid of the most, the thing that I want to most get rid of, which is sad. It is good. Gotcha. Uh, can you walk me through maybe, uh, click on one of the recipes and then, uh, going through, uh, the steps and whether or not you would follow the steps. Yeah, um, so let's look at cheesy veggie omelette. This looks interesting. It looks like I have all ingredients, including expel, pepper, onion, cheddar, tomatoes. Um, stats are listed, but I could also click on start cooking and uh, bring it onto a big screen here. Okay. So with these steps, would you could you see yourself following these steps while you're cooking? Yeah, um, The dice, let's see, minced garlic and cook on the fragrance. Hmm. I just looked through all the instructions. It seems fairly straightforward. I think I could reasonably follow this instructions. I do like the option of both having the steps listed on front of me and also step by step. So it works for people at different styles. What would you, um, Would you say makes you feel like uneasy about using the steps or following the instructions? Nothing really. Okay. Okay, great. Um, let's see. Is there any point where you thought the app should behave in one way or you thought the VA should behave differently than the way it actually behaved? And then in this experiment process. Hmm. I don't believe so. Cool. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay, so the next scenario is about like preparing for a grocery trip. So, um, using the app to prepare to go to a grocery, grocery store and uh, buy, buy things that you need or buy things for, for a meal. Um, I guess walk me through that workflow, like how you might use the features in this app to do so, and um, what features you would use. Great. So, uh, that was a use case that I had, had not actually thought about. Um, but thinking about it now, I'm going to my new planner and just putting in some of the fun options like, honey garlic, salmon, and you probably know at this point I'm obsessed with that. Uh, lentil soup, stir fryer, tofu, and so that populates into the kind of like the calendar that I have. Um, And for the sake of time, I'm not gonna feel all of it out, but I filled out Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, so I'm gonna prep for half my week. Um, so that's on the planet have and I wonder, uh, So, so it gives me some things in the shopping list. Um, now, having not been the person who divided this app, I had to ask it. Um, the options, uh, I put in here reflect, uh, in the shopping list. Maybe that's a possibility. I'm not entirely sure, but, um, if I were to, you know, think about a shopping list, I guess, I would go to the shopping list tab and, um, Just, you know, kind of, I guess, I guess. My question is how to add things to the shopping list. I guess that's not entirely intuitive to me, but once I get to the store, I seem to be able to check things off and that works just fine. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So, look at, looking at the shopping list tab, Is there any other, like, information that you might need? Um, to help you shop here. Um, is there any like thing that would make you feel like you? Any information that can be added or subtracted or augmented? Um, to make you feel prepared for shopping using the app. And you can imagine if this app is on your phone versus on my computer. If anything could be augmented with this app. Mm, I'm afraid I don't quite follow. Like, is there any information here that you might want for your shopping list besides just, like, the product names or anything like that? Maybe like the quantity of each ingredient, let's say, I am buying things specifically for, um, the meals that I've planned. I imagine that So, so I'm assuming that this is all in the context of me shopping for myself and, you know, making meals for one person. In that case, it might be possible to standardize the amount of each ingredient you need for a particular recipe, and then based on the recipes that select for your upcoming week, you might be able to, um, autopopulate the amount of, uh, each ingredient you need to buy at the grocery store, provided you have an update fridge. So that's it, for throughout the week, you'll need 10 tomatoes and in your fridge, it says you need 4 tomatoes. It'll be a nice feature to say, okay, for shopping, you need 6 more to be ass. Gotcha. You're definitely a tomato maniac in the math textbook at this point, but, yes, 6 seems like too few. Okay, great. I think that is all we have for this scenario. So last scenario I want to ask you about, is if you were to use this app, hmm? I don't know. I think my internet is just bad. Although it doesn't really make sense because it's, you know. Yeah, that's bizarre. That should be fine. Oh, there we go. Okay, there it is. Okay. So last thing I want to ask you about is if you are, um, cooking with the app open. So you can imagine this as an mobile app or a desktop app like this. Um, or any kind of other thing that you might think of. Um, But, uh, maybe go through a process of selecting a recipe and then imagine you, I guess, using that recipe while you're cooking. Yes. So, Let's say, I want a specific recipe. I have something in mind. I don't, so I'm just gonna look at this list for inspiration. Let's say I have on my mind a chickpean vegetarian. I would just look for chickpea and veggie curry. There we go. Okay. And I view what the, so I, I like to look at the image. I like the image. It looks like a good, delicious appetizing meal. Takes 35 minutes, okay? Takes 4 ingredients, which, according to my up-to-date fridge, I have all of those ingredients. Looks like 6 steps. Um, It does look like. The recipe says 35 minutes, but it doesn't seem like boiling the water, so... So, I'm almost off the belief that this recipe could be shorter if I wanted it to be. Um, in any case, This is doable. Six steps with each step being like 22 sentences. I think I can read 2 sentences. In a row. So, if there was, um, if you were cooking with it, would you use this screen with the steps to listallic this, or would you go step by step? And what would be your preferences as far as, like, uh, reading the instructions? I think... I think I would like to have the steps all in front of me. Why is that? I just like to look ahead and see what's coming next so I can prep things in parallel if necessary. For example, step 2 says while pasta cooks. Um, and I believe steps, looking at the steps to the fore, are all happening while the pasta cooks. So if I didn't look ahead, I'll just be stuck at step one cooking the pasta and then it will take twice as long. Um, I think it's a good use of my time to see what's ahead and practice in parallel where they can be in parallel. Do you, uh, would you prefer if the, um, app told you what to do in parallel, like at each step or, like, had a way to show you things to do in parallel or try to optimize for, like, parallel work as much as possible? It could be, but I don't feel strongly about it. Um, I think the product is already complete as it is. I, I, I have nothing against a list of steps. Gotcha. A good old list of steps. Okay. And then after you're done cooking, what do you expect that changes to maybe the other parts of that would be like to be your shopping list or to your to your fridge? Like, what do you think what should happen in those in those areas? Very interesting, if there were a way to mark off the fact that I've competed this recipe using the predetermined amount of ingredients, then it would be nice if it automatically subtracts those things from my fridge. Yeah, that'll be nice. Okay. Cool. Uh, so I lied is another scenario. The last one is multi-day use scenario. It's Imagine you're planning mules for multiple days, right? Yes. So you were starting to plan meals for multiple days, you wanted to start doing things for, you know, more than one day, more than one meal. How would you how would you use that app? Uh, I'll use the new Planner app. Just kind of use the breakfast, lunch, dinner options for every day of the week going forward. Um, Just. Selecting things from the drop down menu on the left side, um, of things I want to eat for each day's corresponding breakfast, lunch, or dinner. And then, And then, yeah. I would kind of take it in and see what I need to buy. So, if you were to use this, like, on a busy weekday schedule or, like, during a week we're busy, I guess, um, how do you imagine it fitting into your workflow? Or do you imagine using it in your workflow? Yeah, when I, you know, when I don't have, um, During during those weeks when my inspiration runs dry, and I really have eaten the same thing over and over again for the past couple of weeks. This is a nice change up. Gotcha. What parts of the app do you feel is most relevant to like your current lifestyle or your lifestyle as a grad student? Most relevant to my current lifestyle, I think, saving money, making sure my ingredients don't go bad. Uh, what else? Making sure I'm not wasting my food. These are kind of the priorities, I think, at home. I like to eat cheap. And then I do save money, I can boil out once in a while, but in the interest of being efficient, I think the analytics have this particularly nice. at helping me detract my progress. Gotcha. Okay, um, so if you were to, we're done with the scenarios now, just do something, um, conclusion questions and wrap up, but, um, if you were to, uh, describe this, like, uh, app to your friends, like, what would you say about it? What would you tell them it does? This is... Um... This isn't at the how to be more thoughtful about how you feed yourself. Um, and it works particularly well if you are someone who likes to plan out your amusement and funds. Um, But, um, Don't always have, like, constant new ideas about, like, what to eat. Um, so it's really a very, uh, I guess like 1st to feast. uh, management system for Being thoughtful about how you eat. Cool. Okay. Um, can you describe, like, is your overall experience with the app? It's good. I can get in and out in like a couple of minutes. I can get what I need and really just move on my day, so that's really nice. Uh, so, how would you normally, like, schedule some of these in the scenarios that we went through, so say, like, uh, like planning for one meal, planning for multiple meals, grocery shopping? How do you how would you do it normally without the app? Which is winging. Cool, cool. Uh, How, uh, I guess, when you're thinking about your current cooking or food planning, like habits, does this app fit in at all? Yeah? Okay, where would it fit in? Where would you see yourself like maybe use this happier within your current habits? On weeks where I am less inclined to think about how I eat and I want something or someone else to help me think about it. I definitely will use this app. Were there moments where you thought you were exploring the app, looking at features, saying, oh, I would actually use this where this could actually be useful for me? Um, I think what stood out to me was the, the, the recipes tab and the next tab. I think the recipe tab is just beautiful and integrating like what you have and what you need, you know. And it's, you know, compared there are lots of recipes online, but they don't flag up for you when you have and what you don't have. And that kind of stuff is really possible with the integration that you have with shopping fridge. So actually. If you could change this app or add 3 things or remove 3 things, like, um, What would you do to make your, they get fit in your life better? Uh, I don't know if I would remove anything, and I don't know if I have 3 things to add, but I would suggest, um, if, if possible, finding a way to, to, uh, or number one, finding a way to make it intuitive for people to add things to the shopping list. Um, number two, uh, finding a way for the shopping list to all the populate into the fridge. And actually, I do those 3 things. Wow. And automatically subtracting things from your fridge once you've completed a predetermined recipe. Cool. So if you, um, If you weren't, I guess, like, uh, if you, if you weren't to use this app ever again, um, what would be the most likely reason? Like, say, like, you know, we launched this and it was an actual app that people would use. Like what would be the most likely reason that you would see this and be like, ah, no, I don't want to use it. I think the most likely reason, uh, would be Yeah, you know, that, that, this is kind of something that I rely on week to week. Um, As I said, it's kind of something that I kind of might pick up when things get busy or I get overwhelmed with other things. So, if life gets too good for me. I guess I would not pick up this app for a while. I might go off the beat and pop and try to be more creative with the way I cook. Cool, okay, great. Yeah. All right, yeah, that's all I have. Thank you for your time and thank you for your valuable, valuable feedback. Sounds good has been a pleasure. Love to see this app come so far. It feels like it's essentially been good for me, like someone who meal press from week to week. this is truly impressive. Um, I'm flattered too. Okay, great. All right. Cool.Q